[docs] CDC: Documentation updates for CDC (#25372)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

Default: `60000`

##### --cdc_send_null_before_image_if_not_exists

When this flag is set to true, CDC service will return a null before image if it is not able to find one.

Default: `false`

##### --cdcsdk_tablet_not_of_interest_timeout_secs

> Timeout after which it is inferred that a particular tablet is not of interest for CDC. Inorder to indicate that a particular tablet is of interest for CDC, it should be polled atleast once within this interval of stream / slot creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timeout after which it is inferred that a particular tablet is not of interest for CDC. In order to indicate that a particular tablet is of interest for CDC, it should be polled at least once within this interval of stream / slot creation.
```
